so this is where bosch mocks up all of
their point of sale racks good morning
and you can see that they have
everything set up all their accessories
router bits jigsaw blades all different
tools you come over here we have rotozip
another Bosch brand some sneak peeks of
a couple of new things they haven't told
us about yet levels and we have Vermont
American
we have the world-famous Jason Feldner
things good morning good morning skill
CST berger a recent acquisition a long
line of editors and bloggers waiting for
coffee yeah we've got laser tools
hammer drills corded
the new line of cordless we'll take a
closer look here here's the new
batteries
so you can see we got a bunch of
different styles they range all the way
from route tough all the way down day
more compact we have a new cordless
bandsaw seems very compact very cool
smallest one on the market so far I'm
told we had a new Reese if Sonny and the
makita
miter saw stands bosch daredevil we're
going to talk about those some more
today
we swing over this way we got a lot of a
lot of editors and journalists and
bloggers we're all ready to go stay
tuned for more I'm gonna get some coffee